[chorus vocalizing]
[helicopter blades whirring]
[♪ intriguing music playing]
[siren wails]
- [car honks]
- [bicycle pedal creaks]
[indistinct conversation]
- Lawyers are a Kitchen classic.
- [Karen] Yeah.
Hey, I like to think that I...
We have evolved.
- You know, uh, Becky's Diner on 8th?
- Love that place.
- Closed.
- [groans]
They're turning it into a SoulCycle.
You're evil for even telling me that!
[sizzles]
- Dark times. Dark times, indeed.
- [chuckles]
These Hell's Kitchen nostalgia
is running pretty thin with you guys.
- You realize that, right?
- [laughs]
Not nostalgia. Reverence for the past...
- [scoffs]
- ...yet hope for the future.
Oh, that is some next level
closing argument BS right there.
Too much?
Nostalgia or not,
it's hard to believe Cherry's retiring.
So many retiring, leaving.
I mean, it's 30% of the force
in the last two years.
Are those numbers legit?
Uh, my numbers
are always legit. [sighs]
Well, I wouldn't argue with her.
Still, the city finds other ways
to protect itself.
[indistinct conversation]
[Karen] Well,
we could just get out of here.
- [Matt] You and me?
- Yeah.
Sounds nice. Although, I think that's
a distinct violation of the friends code.
[clicks tongue] Ah, the friends code.
I keep forgetting about the friends code.
- Mm-hmm.
- [Karen clicks tongue]
- "No one's above the law."
- Nope.
- [chuckles]
- Certainly not you, Miss Page.
Tell me you're gonna do something soulful
- like walk the earth, having adventures.
- [sighs]
Well, I'm thinkin' about restoring
a farmhouse upstate.
Or that.
So, shoot me straight,
why the hell are you quitting?
Hey, excuse me. It's called retirement.
Uh, it's quitting and you know it.
I hear you were at a real firm once.
- I was.
- Mm-hmm.
Hogarth, Chao & Benowitz.
It's on my list for when I leave the DA's.
Ambition. I like that.
Then why are you in a storefront?
[chuckling] Jesus.
- Remind me never to face you in cross.
- [chuckles]
Question stands.
I'm... in a storefront
because it's... real.
And I happen to like most of the people
I represent.
All that experience,
you're taking it off the street.
You're gonna miss this shit.
Am I? Daredevil. White Tiger.
- They're the future. We're obsolete.
- [Angie] Oh.
Spare me the dinosaur's lament.
We're the thin blue line, not them.
We get sued and they get cheered.
Way I see it,
the vigilantes are just like us.
Some are stand-up human beings
worthy of the gig,
others are just power-tripping assholes.
You might have a point there,
Detective Kim.
- Next round on me. Josie!
- [Angie] Oh.
Keep your cash. Tonight you're crime.
You don't pay.
To Cherry!
May you be in heaven a full half hour
- 'fore the devil knows you're dead!
- [all cheering]
What about Dumb Benny?
Oh, God. You heard about that, huh?
Everyone has heard about that.
The guy rips off a bonded warehouse,
gets caught on surveillance,
and then he tells the cops he found...
20 cases of Lafite Rothschild
on the subway?
Benny is a unique individual.
- Benny is an idiot.
- [chuckles]
He's gonna walk, you know?
Well, you sound confident.
What's your game plan?
I'll keep my strategy to myself.
Thank you very much.
Mm-hmm.
Fifty bucks says I can worm it out of you
- before that, eventually.
- [sighs]
- Not a chance.
- [chuckles]
You know, Josie keeps a bottle
of 20-year-old O'Melveny's behind the bar.
- Really?
- Really.
- [Kirsten] Cheers.
- Cheers.
Oh, my God, he did it.
What? Foggy?
- [Karen] Yes.
- No!
- [Karen laughs]
- [gasps]
He does not have the game
for Kirsten McDuffie.
- Hey. How dare you?
- [scoffs]
Don't underestimate our Foggy.
I'm not underestimating her.
- You get soft in public service.
- Oh?
I have learned ninja moves at my time
at N, M, and P.
- Oh, boy.
- [Karen] What?
No. He's calling the firm N, M, and P.
- No! Foggy!
- [laughs]
Oh! [chuckling] Should we rescue him?
Rescue him? Hell no.
I just wish we had popcorn.
[phone vibrating]
I'm sorry.
[woman] Okay. Sunglasses Hut.
What do you think about some new glasses?
- [chuckles]
- What? I think they're a little...
- What's wrong with these bad boys?
- I just think they're a little dated.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I--
- [indistinct chatter]
- [Foggy] What are you talkin' about?
- What?
- [man laughs]
Benny. Benny, Benny, Benny, slow down.
I can't understand a-- What?
Just-- No. Just stay there.
I'm literally around the corner.
I'll be there in five minutes.
[Benny over phone]
You're not listening, man.
- There's someone downstairs.
- [sighs]
Benny...
Hold on, something's wrong.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[fly buzzing]
- [clinks]
- [fly stops buzzing]
- [door opens]
- [Benny] They're comin' for me.
[Foggy] Calm down. Just calm down.
- [Benny] Fuck calm, man!
- [Matt] Foggy, what's goin' on?
[Foggy] Yeah, it's-- it's Benny.
After that thing in Red Hook,
he said he was getting threats,
so I stashed him.
[Matt] You stashed him? [chuckles]
How exactly are you stashing people?
He's at my apartment.
It's just down the street.
[Benny] Seriously, Foggy. I hear them.
It's a secure building, Benny.
You're safe.
Guy's paranoid. He's probably high.
He doesn't sound high. Wh-Why didn't
you tell me about the threats?
[sighs] I just thought
it was Benny being Benny.
- [objects crashing over phone]
- [Benny] No! No, no! [groans]
[Matt] All right, stay here.
Matt...
Just stay here. Keep calling him.
Look, I'm sorry. I--
Maybe I didn't wanna give you an excuse.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
- [Daredevil yells]
- [phone ringing]
[Foggy over phone] Benny!
What's going on? Are you okay?
[Benny] Foggy,
he wanted to know where you were.
- [metallic clicking]
- [Benny] I'm sorry.
- [lens clicks]
- [Foggy] What? Who?
- [line disconnects]
- [♪ ominous music playing]
[gun clicks]
[Foggy] Come on, Benny. Come on, Benny!
Come on, Benny.
Benny? Benny?
I don't know what he's talkin' about.
- He said someone's looking for--
- [gasps]
- [thuds]
- Foggy! [pants]
- [gun firing]
- [Karen screams]
[♪ ominous music continues]
[crowd clamoring]
[Bullseye] Hello, Karen.
- [people screaming]
- [alarm blaring]
[Daredevil] Get down.
[both grunting]
[women scream]
[yells]
[Karen] They're gonna be right here.
He's gonna be here any minute.
[breathing heavily, coughing]
[Cherry] Let's go, let's go, let's go!
[Karen] Keep your eyes open, Foggy.
- Just keep your eyes on me, okay?
- [Foggy wheezing]
- We're gonna get you help.
- [Cherry] You all right?
[Karen] You just have to stay awake.
No, no, no, come on.
[Cherry] I've got an active shooter.
Active shooter at Josie's Bar.
- Active shooter at Josie's Bar.
- [Karen whimpers]
No, no. Please. Foggy, look at me!
Look at me! Please.
- [coughing]
- You, you. Yo. Let's go, let's go.
[coughs] Come on. Let's get outta here.
[Angie] Get out. This way. Go, go, go!
[both grunting]
[Foggy wheezing]
[woman] Are you okay?
[man 1] Let's stay. Right here.
Shit! What do we do?
[man 2] Stay down.
- [Bullseye grunting]
- [people exclaim]
[Karen] No, come on! Come on, Foggy.
They're gonna be here any minute, okay?
You just have to stay awake until the--
[grunting]
- [Bullseye grunts]
- [woman groans]
[Bullseye pants]
[Bullseye] Shit!
- [Daredevil] Help, Cherry!
- [Bullseye groans]
[Daredevil] Let's get these people
outta here!
[Bullseye breathing heavily]
[man] Yo, babe, you better call the cops!
There's somethin' goin' on downsta--
[woman] Oh, my God!
[crying] Come on! Please!
- [cries] Oh, my God!
- [thuds]
[Bullseye panting]
[Daredevil grunts]
[electricity crackling]
- [Daredevil panting]
- [Bullseye yells]
[groans]
[both grunting]
[both panting]
[Karen] They're gonna be right here
any minute, okay?
- You just have to--
- [Daredevil groans]
[Bullseye panting]
[breathing heavily]
[cable whooshing]
[grunts]
- [Daredevil yells]
- [grunts]
[screaming]
[Bullseye grunting]
- [grunts]
- [groaning]
[both yell]
[Cherry] There! There! On the roof!
[Karen crying] Foggy, no, come on. Foggy.
Come on. Please.
[Cherry] Get out of the way! Get out
of the way! Come on, get out of the way.
[both panting, grunting]
- [Karen] Foggy, come on. Come on. Please.
- [Foggy gasping]
Foggy, no, no, look at me.
- Keep your eyes on me.
- [yells]
- [shuddering breaths]
- [Karen] Foggy, it's okay. It's okay.
You stay with me. You stay with me.
Foggy, come on.
- [gasping]
- No, no. Come on. Come on. Oh, my God.
[crying] No, no, no.
[Karen] Jesus Christ!
Foggy, no, come on. Come on, Foggy.
Please. Foggy!
- Foggy!
- [yells]
- [cries]
- [grunts]
[panting]
Why? Why?
[crying]
[chuckles]
[siren wailing]
[gasping]
- [train horn blares]
- [grunts]
- [thuds]
- [all exclaiming]
[gasps]
Oh, my God. Please, God. [crying]
I can't-- I can't-- Foggy I--
- God! I can't-- I can't-- I can't--
- [♪ melancholic music playing]
Please, God. Please. Please.
[gasping]
[crying]
[Matt panting]
Matt?
[breathing heavily]
[coughs]
[siren continues wailing]
[♪ theme music playing]
[thunder rumbling]
[sirens wailing]
[♪ Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds
"Into My Arms" playing]
♪ I don't believe
in an interventionist God ♪
♪ But I know, darling, that you do ♪
[tap running]
[tap closes]
♪ But if I did, I would kneel down... ♪
The recall election is heating up with
a field of no less than 15 candidates,
including two former city council members
and a stand-up comedian.
When asked for comment,
the governor said simply,
"The system is broken."
If your transportation
around the city is a bicycle,
you could be eligible for a massive
tax rebate this upcoming April.
The measure goes before
the city council this month.
If you've seen new street art
around the city, you're not alone.
The colorful and provocative murals
have been popping up
all around the city almost overni--
[wind blowing]
[clangs]
[chorus vocalizing]
[♪ sinister music playing]
[man 1] You cross 39th, you pay a toll.
- What, are you a bridge now?
- [man 1] Whatever. Toll, tariff, tax,
you cross Sunset Park, you gotta pay.
Not headin' to Red Hook.
- Red Hook's exempt.
- [man 1] Since when?
Since before you started wearing
that stupid tracksuit.
[chuckles]
What'd you say?
- [gun clicks]
- Easy, big man.
[woman] Come on.
[chuckling] Stop it, both of you.
Don't be little boys
squabbling over pennies,
when you're set to earn millions.
Red Hook is exempt from any taxes,
tolls or other payments.
You know that, Luca.
[Luca] Yes, Ms. Fisk.
And take a breath and calm down.
[sighs] And, Viktor,
there's no reason to be rude,
not at this table
nor to anyone who sits at it.
Understood.
The collective return on this month's
investment is $7.73 million.
That will be distributed to you today
through the customary wire transfers.
10% of your organization operating profit
is due by midnight tonight.
I would prefer wire,
but if you must pay cash,
arrangements can be made.
[footsteps approaching]
Vanessa.
[♪ tense music playing]
[shutter closes]
You left the bed I sat beside for months
while you recovered.
And for what?
And now you walk in here and end a meeting
with the Five Families by...
simply standing in the doorway.
You've kept them in line.
They respect you.
They respect the money I make them.
Protection makes people scared.
Profit makes them loyal.
Loyal, yeah. Right.
How long are you back for?
As long as you'll have me, Vanessa.
I was broken. [inhales]
Shattered.
You know, for months, I had to...
put myself back together.
And as I did, two things shone
bright and clear inside me.
Beacons of who I was and who we could be.
The first was...
my undying love for you.
And the second?
What we could do for this city.
And I would have to step away,
and anything I was involved with
could never be perceived as illegal.
When you were gone,
I made this business bulletproof.
Yes. Good.
That's right.
There can be no gray area.
I've been informed
that I have the 25,000 signatures.
It's time.
[woman] Two.
[BB] Sir, excuse me.
Do you have a mo--
Hi, excuse me.
- Hi, I'm BB Urich.
- Hi.
[BB] Can I ask you some questions
about the state of crime here in New York?
Sure, go ahead.
[BB] Do you feel safe on the streets?
Daredevil's been gone
for a really long time.
[man] Crime is just
so out of line over here.
You can't even go out with your family.
You gotta worry about gettin' mugged.
And we need him back.
[drink pouring]
- [doorknob rattling]
- [door opens]
Holy cow, you beat me in.
- [Kirsten] Yeah, and I made coffee.
- Oh!
I just wanted to catch you alone.
See how you are before tomorrow.
Thank you. Yeah, I'm fine.
Which is what people
who aren't always say.
[chuckles]
- No, really, I'm... I'm all right.
- All right.
Your statement at sentencing,
it's the kinda thing that can bring up
a lot of anger and pain.
- It can go sideways pretty fast.
- I know. I know.
Have you heard from her?
I have not, no.
Well, when the time is right--
I know what you're trying to do,
and I appreciate it. Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
[♪ solemn music playing]
As you know,
I've stood in this court many times.
[breathes deeply]
Delivered summations, called witnesses,
and defended the innocent
to the best of my ability.
Though as I sit here,
on the other side of the court,
it occurs to me that justice
will not be served today.
It won't be served because
whatever sentence is passed,
Foggy Nelson,
only his mother called him Franklin,
will still be dead.
It won't be served because--
[footsteps approaching]
[door opens]
[heart thumping]
[shrill ringing]
[ringing fades]
Apologies, Your Honor. [breathes deeply]
[sighs] It won't be served because
I don't get to see him again.
[chuckles softly] We don't get to see
Foggy again today.
Or tomorrow. Or ever. [chuckles]
Because my friend is dead.
Killed on the whim
of a violent and disturbed man.
A self-styled assassin with a grudge,
out to murder his perceived enemies.
But, in the absence of justice,
the court can punish this man.
And I urge you to do so,
to the fullest extent the law allows.
'Cause that punishment,
that is the closest any of us
will ever get to justice.
Thank you, Your Honor.
[judge] Thank you, Mr. Murdock.
Mr. Poindexter,
if you would like to respond,
I will allow that before sentencing.
I have nothing to say, Your Honor.
[judge] Your response
does not surprise me.
You showed no mercy
that night in Hell's Kitchen
and have shown no remorse since.
So this court feels compelled
to respond in kind.
Benjamin Leonard Poindexter,
you have been convicted of 11 counts
of murder in the first degree.
In accordance with the laws
of New York State,
you are hereby sentenced to life in prison
without the possibility of parole,
for each count,
to be served consecutively.
[gavel bangs]
I thought about just slippin' out,
but I figured...
[Matt sighs]
not today. [sighs]
How are you?
Good.
San Francisco's nice.
It's, um, different from New York,
but not too different.
[clicks tongue] Look, can we--
can we go somewhere?
Maybe grab a cup of coffee or something?
[sighs] I don't think so, Matt.
I don't really wanna... do that.
Ah. [scoffs]
You know, it's funny,
I... I know you're lying.
I'm just not sure who to, me or yourself.
You tell me, Karen,
what do you expect me to do here?
What do I need to have
a conversation with you?
- I've tried calling, I've left messages--
- No, I know, you're right.
- So what do you want?
- [stuttering] I just was busy--
- Oh, don't give me "busy." I can--
- [scoffs] My friend died too, Matt.
And then I lost you.
You didn't talk to me for weeks.
- I was halfway in and then halfway out.
- It takes a minute, Karen,
- what do you expect from me?
- Okay, okay! I don't wanna to do this.
I came for Foggy and-- and I...
[breathes deeply] I came to say
that I am sorry it ended,
and I'm sorry that I didn't call.
But I'm really glad
that you're doing so well.
[chuckles, sniffles]
[chuckles] What?
Great, thanks.
[sighs]
I refuse to believe
that a tragedy had to destroy everything.
But it did.
What're you gonna do about Daredevil?
I made a promise to myself
that I'd let the system handle it.
All of it.
Besides, I'm not him anymore.
And I won't let myself be.
And you think that that will help?
I don't know.
Doesn't make it worse.
No, Karen, please don't, please don't--
Can you just wait for five minutes?
[Karen] I found this at Josie's.
I thought you might want it.
Take care of yourself, Matt.
[sighs]
[knife chopping]
[♪ The Magnetic Fields "I Looked
All Over Town" playing over radio]
[pan sizzling]
[muffled voice over TV]
Good evening, New York.
My name is Wilson Fisk.
- [pan sizzling]
- [song continues playing]
[song stops]
[Fisk] But I have seen it decline
into chaos and lawlessness.
Vigilantes, they run rampant.
Good cops are afraid.
Bad cops, well, they just don't care.
The city, the streets...
It's no longer safe for decent people.
Tonight, I'm making a commitment
to fix the system, to fix our city.
Tonight, I'm declaring my candidacy
for Mayor of New York.
[♪ sinister music playing]
[sizzling continues]
[smoke alarm beeping]
You're still behind Roger Cressna
and Diana Montoya, but that's expected.
We need to refine your message points
for the debate.
[Fisk] My message is very clear.
If your polls are as good as you say,
then neither Mr. Fisk
nor his candidacy needs... refining.
Sir, I've been doing this a long time.
And I understand that some of your ideas
and staff are refreshingly unconventional,
but we are a dark horse in this race and--
Uh... I'm sorry. Sorry. He-- He's right.
Look, I've been watching the socials,
and everyone is talkin' about you.
You're even in The BB Report,
and you're blowin' up, sir.
I mean, lotta engagement, lotta depth,
lotta spread, people sharin' memes.
I mean, "Fisk can fix it"
is trending hard.
We should not change a thing.
I just wanna say that I am so stoked
to put you over the top.
If we could get back to the agenda...
What's your name, son?
Daniel. Daniel Blake.
Daniel.
I'm impressed with your enthusiasm.
Tell me, you're a young person
living in the city here.
Why would you vote for me?
Straight up? 'Cause you get shit done.
You made things happen for yourself,
now you'll make things happen
for New York.
And, I mean... [chuckling] Mayor Fisk?
That's the coolest fuckin' thing
on the planet.
Where did you find him, Sheila?
He canvassed 2,000 signatures for us.
And he was cheap, sir.
Yeah.
- Sorry.
- [Sheila] Mm.
So stoked.
[Kirsten] You busy?
No, no, I was just goin' over
the Madison charges.
Oh.
You know, your boy might
actually be a moron.
[chuckles] He's not my boy,
and Madison is rich,
- so we call him a "savant."
- [chuckles]
Hey, remember, you've got that
client meeting this afternoon?
I'd do it myself,
but I've got this deposition.
Oh, yeah, right. Uh, remind me.
Heather Glenn. Doctor in Tribeca.
- Right. Malpractice?
- Um...
We didn't get that far. Can you just
meet her, see if we're the right fit?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
- Great. 3:30. Uh, Manhattanville Coffee.
[man 1] Our friends are assholes.
So, yeah, there's something about Fisk,
I mean, I haven't voted
for mayor in, like, forever.
[woman 1 scoffs] Please, me either.
So are you gonna watch tonight?
[man 1] Hell yeah, I'm watchin'
the debate. At least Fisk is interesting.
[woman 2] Fisk will shake things up.
[man 2] Why would anyone vote for Fisk?
He's a crook!
[man speaking Spanish over radio]
- [man 3 in English] Not on your life.
- [man 4] We're going to clear the street.
[man 5] Fisk ain't afraid of nobody.
- Uh, Matt Murdock?
- Dr. Glenn? Hi, nice to meet you.
Um... Uh, Kirsten's sorry she couldn't
make it, but you're in good hands with me.
I don't usually meet
in coffee shops like this,
- but, uh, anything for Kirsten.
- Right. [chuckles]
I'm glad she connected us.
We go way back.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
I used to consult on some of her cases
when she was
at the District Attorney's office.
Oh. She didn't mention it.
Uh... Yeah, I faced off against her
a few times myself.
I guess you could say we went
from adversaries to partners. [chuckles]
Um... So, look,
why don't I jump right in and ask
what are you looking for
in legal representation?
Excuse me?
What are you hoping Murdock and McDuffie
can do for you?
Um... [stutters] I'm a little confused.
I was just about to ask you
what you're looking to get out of therapy.
- What?
- Kirsten said that you were...
looking for a therapist.
[chuckles] Ah. Yeah, she told me
you're looking for a lawyer.
Kirsten.
Wow. I can't believe she did that.
- It is kind of funny.
- What a waste of time.
Uh, hey, she did it to both of us.
I'm-- That's what I mean.
I'm saying... It's annoying, yeah.
Yeah, it is very annoying.
Uh, so do you want me to get you
a to-go cup for your coffee?
[stuttering] No, that's fine.
I didn't mean to be rude.
I'm just not sure what she was thinking.
Yeah, she knows I don't date lawyers.
Oh. Really?
Yeah, your hours suck
and you argue everything.
Okay. That's kind of
a sweeping generalization, but...
- See what I mean?
- [laughs]
All right. Please. Heather...
[stutters] Forgive me.
Please sit. I apologize.
I've had a hell of a week.
I am gonna kill Kirsten, though.
Oh, please do. For both of us.
So, you're from Queens, huh?
How did you know?
Uh, your accent's still there.
[clicks tongue] Like hell it is.
It's there. You've worked
to shorten the A's and the O's
but you can still hear the effort.
It's slight, but it's there.
Don't feel bad, uh, it's a blind thing.
[chuckles] That's... Wow.
- So where're you from?
- 37th and 8th.
- Hell's Kitchen. Tough guy?
- Mm-hmm. [chuckles]
Not at all.
You been to the Kitchen lately?
Now, Queens, that's rough.
[laughs] Um, you been to Queens lately?
[chuckles] Yeah,
only for Sal, Kris & Charlie's.
The lawyer from the Kitchen's
got good taste in sandwiches.
Mm-mm.
- Where did you go to high school?
- Xavier.
[continues indistinctly]
[♪ serene music playing]
Oh. Hey.
So?
That's not funny.
That is inappropriate, it's unethical,
and it's kinda creepy, if I'm honest.
And how did it go?
- [chuckles] You're an insane person.
- No, I'm your friend.
And you need a little something-something,
if you know what I mean. And so does she.
No, I don't know what you mean.
And it was a disaster.
- You liar!
- I'm not lying.
I swear to God,
I can read a vibe with people.
- No, you can't.
- When're you seeing her again?
I'm not having this conversation with you.
Hey! Matt, in all seriousness,
you need this. It's time.
- I-- What--
- Don't mess this up.
- I don't have time for this.
- Cherry's here, in the conference room.
- Are you gonna tell me--
- Right now?
Yeah. You wanna tell me
why you invited your hatchet man?
He's not my hatchet--
He's my investigator.
- [scoffs] Whatever.
- I'm just doing some due diligence.
Stay out of my private life.
That's never gonna happen.
All right, you can text me her number.
Just so I can apologize
- for your inappropriate behavior.
- Uh-huh.
- Yeah.
- [Kirsten chuckles]
- Hey. Thanks for coming.
- [Cherry] Hey.
Yeah, I'd have done it
even if you hadn't asked me.
Talked to a lotta people.
Half the cops hate Fisk's guts,
the other half would...
dive off the Chrysler Building for him.
- What about the campaign?
- Completely buttoned up.
Every dollar accounted for,
every income source, absolutely clean.
He came in late, and he came in with
a lotta cash and it's workin' for him.
They say his wife is some kinda...
[sighs] ...investment sorceress.
[laughs]
Uh, if I didn't know better,
know him better,
I'd say he sounds sincere.
Like maybe he wants to actually do
something for the city.
Look who you're talkin' about.
The man crushes every--
I-- I know! You think I don't know?
I know.
[sighs]
Well, if this city
actually elects him, then,
maybe New York's getting
the mayor it deserves.
You ask me,
that's pretty goddamn cynical, Matt.
Hmm.
Or maybe I'm just wisin' up.
So, you want me to go on with this?
No, let it go. It's not our job.
I mean, you could--
No, let it go.
Hey, thanks.
[man] Marker.
[BB] Hi, excuse me, ma'am.
I'm with The BB Report.
- Would you vote for Wilson Fisk?
- He's an animal.
And that sort of person brings out
the worst in other people as well.
Politicians, criminals...
They're all the same breed, man.
Why're we even talking about this?
He supposedly crushed a guy's head.
It's a good rumor, "crushed his head."
I mean, I'd actually like to see that.
[Fisk] It was almost a year ago now
when those cops in that bar
were murdered by a vigilante.
I, myself, have endured
vigilante violence.
And I can assure you there's nothing
nuanced about getting shot.
I have to say, I absolutely agree
with Mr. Fisk here.
Ah, well, you're posing, Cressna. [scoffs]
You propose registering the vigilantes.
That's like making
a grocery list of cancers.
I propose treatment.
[all clamoring]
- All right, step back. Back it up.
- Hello.
- Back it up. Back it up. Back it up.
- Good afternoon.
- Thank you. Thank you very much.
- Step back, sir.
It's okay, Buck.
Well... [sighs] It's been
some time, hasn't it?
It has.
I was wondering
if we could have a little chat.
Yeah. I'd be delighted.
Thank you.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Matt] I appreciate you finding this time.
Your, uh, step is lighter.
You've lost some weight. Gained muscle.
Um...
I'm not gonna spar with you, Murdock.
No, no, I wasn't asking you to.
Well, I'll admit, it's not...
entirely unpleasant to see you again.
- [laughs]
- [chuckles]
- It's been a long time.
- Hmm.
Life has happened.
You have children?
No. You?
Oh, no. No,
I tried to mentor someone, but...
Well, that's the closest I've come.
Didn't she shoot you in the face?
[laughs]
Yeah. Yeah, younger generation,
what can we do?
[Matt chuckles]
You're keeping tabs on me?
No, I'm not. I'm just...
Call it professional curiosity.
Ah. What profession would that be?
I'm a lawyer.
Hmm. I've never been to this place before.
I miss Becky's Diner.
Mmm. Me too.
Yeah, I don't make it
to Hell's Kitchen much these days.
Neither do I.
By the look of it,
you've come up in the world.
I could say the same about you.
[man] Hey, Fisk!
- Thank you.
- [man] Yeah!
You're a real man of the people now.
A rich man,
by his very nature, is self-serving.
A mayor, a mayor serves his city.
Ah.
You don't seem entirely convinced.
[Matt] Can you blame me?
Considering you've tried to kill me
a few times over the years.
As you have.
No. No. Incarcerate, maybe.
Kill? Never.
I wonder if your darker half would agree.
That part of my life is over.
Mmm. Well, tragedy can transform a man.
[smacks lips] About your friend...
I had nothing to do with his death.
I kept that promise.
Hmm.
But now, the Kingpin is back.
No. No, he's not.
My time away, I...
Well...
Let's say I followed
a road less travelled,
and at its end, I found a new man.
The mayor of New York.
Hmm, soon.
So, answer me this.
Why is it I can't shake the feeling
that you're gaming the system?
Things are not good out there.
You can see that, can't you?
New York's what it's always been.
With a few... unsettling exceptions.
Hmm.
Well, I'm gonna make
New York a better future.
Why did you stop being a vigilante?
- Vigilante is a loaded word.
- It's the parlance of our time.
My best friend was killed.
A line was crossed. [breathes deeply]
I felt like I lost the privilege.
And despite the good that I was doing,
I was... causing damage.
I was told you tried to kill
Benjamin Poindexter that night.
It's hard.
It's hard to come to terms
with a violent nature.
Hating the power that it has over us.
I was raised to believe in grace.
That we can be touched by the divine
and transformed into a better person.
So if you say to me that you're a new man,
I say, "Fine."
But you should know, I was also raised
to believe in retribution.
So if you step out of line,
I will be there.
This caution that you're giving me,
who's it from?
Matt Murdock or...
[chuckles softly]
You liked being on that rooftop with Dex.
You liked how it felt, didn't you?
Giving no quarter. Dispensing justice.
Just stay in your lane. I'll do the same.
I'm going to be mayor of this town,
and when I am, I will not tolerate people
running around in silly costumes.
The rule of law will prevail.
And should you go back
to any of your old activities...
there will be consequences.
[clears throat]
Well then, it appears
we really do understand each other.
Hmm, I love a man
who rises above his nature.
Good luck with that, Murdock.
Good day, sir.
Polls are open. Early turnout appears
to be above average.
As expected, there has been
a lot of support for Roger Cressna
and Diana Montoya.
But we are seeing a surprising
strong turnout early for Wilson--
You suck as a coffee date,
but you're a pretty great dinner date.
- [chuckles]
- I can give you that.
Well, that's my secret,
I like to set the bar low.
- Oh, you set it very, very low.
- [both laugh]
[sighs]
You, uh, you tell Kirsten
we were goin' out tonight?
- I wouldn't give her the satisfaction.
- Mmm.
I'm icing her as punishment.
- Punishing your friends?
- Mm-hmm.
That seems very well-adjusted.
Mental health is knowing
exactly when and how to act out.
Trust me, I'm a professional.
53% of New Yorkers,
Wilson Fisk has been elected
the 112th mayor of New York City.
He won.
Fisk won.
- How do you know?
- Uh, the TV in the bar.
- Good ears, remember?
- Wow.
I can't believe it.
If you don't mind me asking,
you seem pretty involved with him.
Is there a history there?
[chuckles]
Our paths have crossed
a few times over the years.
He's selling New York a savior.
Underneath, he's a monster.
- [man] Hell, yeah!
- [people cheering]
- I'm so sorry, I just...
- [chuckles]
- I fell. Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Sorry. [chuckles]
- You scared me. It's all good.
I'm sorry. Let's, um...
Let's get out of here. [chuckles]
[man] Yeah!
[all cheering and clapping]
[♪ slow dramatic music playing]
Thank you.
[Sheila] The media's gonna
want a statement, sir.
Thank you.
[♪ somber music playing]
[helicopter blades whirring]
[siren wailing in distance]
I know about Adam, Vanessa.
Do not kill him.
I'm not that man anymore.
Promise me.
I promise.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
My fellow citizens, tonight,
you have ushered in a new dawn,
a time of prosperity.
More importantly, peace on the streets.
A time of hope.
- Fisk! Hell yeah!
- [all cheering]
I promise you, I will live up
to that hope as your mayor.
You can't carry the weight of a city
on your shoulders.
New York will get by without you.
She doesn't give a fuck, remember?
[Matt] Doesn't sound like
professional advice.
That's, um, 'cause
I'm not your therapist, Matt.
No, this is... This is not good.
- What?
- I...
I can't stand it when Kirsten's right.
We have a long road ahead of us.
Much to do.
But I want you to know,
tonight...
and every night...
I love New York.
[♪ TV On The Radio
"Staring at the Sun" playing]
[man 1] Fisk rules!
- [man 2] Yeah! Yeah!
- [all cheering]
Yes! Yes!
♪ Cross the street from your ♪
♪ Storefront cemetery ♪
♪ Hear me hailing from inside ♪
♪ And realize I... ♪
♪ I am the conscience clear ♪
♪ In pain or ecstasy... ♪
[woman 1 screaming] Just stop! Help!
[man] Help!
♪ Upon the same fatigue
You're staring at the sun ♪
♪ Oh, my own voice ♪
♪ Cannot save me now ♪
♪ Standing in the sea ♪
♪ One more breath and then I'll go down ♪
♪ Your mouth is open wide
The lover is inside ♪
♪ And all the tumult's done
Collided with the sign ♪
♪ You're staring at the sun
You're standing in the sea ♪
♪ Your body's over me ♪
♪ Like light, like answering ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
- ♪ You're staring at the sun ♪
♪ You're standing in the sea ♪
- ♪ Your mouth is open wide ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
♪ You're trying hard to breathe ♪
- ♪ The water's at your neck ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
♪ There's lightning in your teeth ♪
♪ Your body's over me ♪
♪ Note the trees because the... ♪
♪ Dirt is temporary ♪
♪ More to mine than fact, face ♪
♪ Name, and monetary ♪
♪ Beat the skins and let the ♪
♪ Loose lips kiss you clean ♪
♪ Quietly pour out like light ♪
♪ Like light, like answering ♪
- ♪ You're staring at the sun ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
♪ You're standing in the sea ♪
- ♪ Your mouth is open wide ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
♪ You're trying hard to breathe ♪
- ♪ The water's at your neck ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
♪ There's lightning in your teeth ♪
- ♪ Your body's over me ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
♪ You're staring at the sun ♪
- ♪ You're standing in the sea ♪
- ♪ Be what you will ♪
♪ Your mouth is open wide ♪
- ♪ You're trying hard to breathe ♪
- ♪ And then throw down your life ♪
♪ The water's at your neck ♪
- ♪ Oh, it's a damned fine game ♪
- ♪ There's lightning in your teeth ♪
- ♪ Your body's over me ♪
- ♪ And we can play all night ♪
♪ You're staring at the sun
You're standing in the sea ♪
♪ Your mouth is open wide
You're trying hard to breathe ♪
- ♪ The water's at your neck ♪
- ♪ Your body's over me ♪
♪ There's lightning in your teeth ♪
♪ Your body's over me ♪
♪ You're staring at the sun ♪
♪ You're standing in the sea ♪
[song ends]
[♪ somber music playing]
[♪ music fades]